[docs] Replace some images, gifs with videos (#2662)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/concepts/custom-functions.md

<p class="description">These offer a fast way to bring your exisitng functions to a Toolpad page.</p>

> The most powerful way of bringing data into Toolpad is through using your own code. You can define functions inside `toolpad/resources` and use them when creating a query of this type. Let's see how you can use this feature to read data from a locally running postgresDB.

Reviewer: 🙂 It doesn't matter whether it's locally running or not

```suggestion
The most powerful way of bringing data into Toolpad is through your own code. You can define functions inside `toolpad/resources` and use them when creating a query of this type. The following video shows how you can use this feature to read data from a postgresDB.
```
